Page 1 of 1
An Amateur's Overview of Theoretical Physics and Mathematical Axioms (Theory of "Everything" is impossible by proof by contradiction. We do not live in an "every" world because the planck constant is not equal to 0, we are in a simulation accuracy determined by the planck length's quanta, the observable universe's greatest unit of action is the planck length's reciprocal, and vice versa (function). Group Theory is the future because it requires no additive identity, which is a symmetry of the axiom of choice +/-0 == +/- 1/infinity, 0 must not exist +/-1/0 == +/- infinity)
Abstract
I recently came to a revelation about god. But first, I will go through the axioms of living a happy fulfilling life. Then, I will relate this to the axiom of god. I will state these axioms in more rigorous terms. i will attempt to explain why the foundations of physics must be formed in the theory of algebraic geometry, invented by alexander grothendieck, the greatest mathematician of the 20th century. I will attempt to explain why 0 and infinity are fundamentally the same concept and why we must never use 0 or infinity since they result in the same principle of explosion in mathematics. 
(also yes, i developed most of this MYSELF with the help of the great giants of the past and the present. i will attempt to cite when i can and at the end)
additionally, i will also explain why groups of two are the greatest and most fundamental. i will relate this to our biology in another paper and how to improve machine learning, along with the advances of quantum theory (the randomness of logic gates).
additionally, i will also explain why groups of three are the most complex things ever created (think the three body problem or helium model unlike bohr atom or 2 body problem). I will relate this to why quanta are necessary for a system that has three systems that are fundamentally connected to each other.
All of this is to say that the additive identity is the single most destructive thing ever invented, since this results in the principle of explosion in set theory because a person can keep using the additive identity on a set of true or false statements. The collatz conjecture can be reduced to the halting problem or additive identity. If we can prove in abstract algebra it is ring 0 or ring infinity, then we can prove it is different from ring-n finite. n-finite simply computes e or e^e^e which is infinity, or ln(ln(ln which is 0. n can be seen as a turing machine or turing tape. The collatz conjecture is simply an algorithm that keeps putting itself in itself: The operation n/2 is well defined: we can just check if the first digit is zero and then remove the zero (that's dividing by two in binary). 
For a given input of n which is finite and not infinite so it has properties like even/odd required to actually compute each other and put it back in:
      If (n % 2 == 0)  then  (n / 2)       --> reenter into the algorithm (loop)
      If (n % 2 == 1)   then  (3n + 1)     -->reenter into the algorithm (loop)
--> 
      If (n % 2 == 0)  then  (n / 2)       --> reenter into the algorithm (loop)
      If (n % 2 == 1)   then  (3n + 1)     -->reenter into the algorithm (loop)
-->
     If (n % 2 == 0)  then  (n / 2)       --> reenter into the algorithm (loop)
     If (n % 2 == 1)   then  (3n + 1)     -->reenter into the algorithm (loop)
the program is trying to decide its decidability, which is equivalent to the halting problem. it is reputting itself in its input. it uses the additive identity and algebra, so it is party of ring 0 or ring infinity since, again, it is an algorithm that needs 0 and 1.
In binary:
              n       
Last digit 0                     Remove Last digit               ---> put back in the program (the new 1)
Last digit 1       shift left one bit (*10 base 2) add original (+ * 1 = 11 base 2) + 1 --> 
put back in program (the new n)
Also in the cartesian or hilbert space we can never define points that cross the x-axis or y-axis since that results in 0 existing in our algebra, which indicates we live in ring 0 or ring infinity. 0 and infinity must never exist, so we must put holes in the points of those graphs. in other words there is two worlds: the group theory world which we can create a complete consistent system that cannot prove its own consistency because the additive identity is missing, and the ring-0 ring-infinity world where we assume holes in the x/y axis can be filled in which results in infinite transcendental numbers and the existence of infinity in the cartesian plane. in physics, this is like understanding the origin or the universe's creators, the x and the y axis, and (0, 0) the big bang, etc. etc.
Additionally, i will state that the fundamental forces inherently limited to at most 2-3. (Actually I am convinced it is four now). The fundamental forces can be unified. 0 and infinity, ying and yang. It is precisely that gravity and the strong nuclear force are linked together by an essential symmetry: that is the, inverse symmetry of group theory. Yang mills theory -- the theory that should unify both the weak nuclear force and the electromagnetic force, should be renamed the YING YANG theory AMIRITE AMIRITE AMIRITE okay no just kidding im cringe i know lmao.
additionally, i will provide an axiom of group theory that is not said out loud but is equivalent to the principle of explosion actually being correct. 
I will also argue that calculating the digits of the transcendental number e is more important than the transcendental number pi, and that computing the "true" value of these numbers (specifically e since everything starts with e) is equivalent to solving the busy beaver problem. That's not to say no algorithm exists to prove it, but I will develop the algorithms necessary to prove such a thing. Our way of transcending is to take e^e^... to find infinity or ln(ln(...)) to find 0. We cannot live in a base e world and have base e digits. 
Axiom of God
1. There are only true statements and false statements.
       This inherently states that there is 0 and 1, two in existence. The entire debacle comes in finding something that is a "third." If we just assume 0 and 1, how can we get three? By the way, hint hint, the "zero" is not actually a "zero." For conventions, I keep binary as 0 and 1, but feel free to fudge zero as another math symbol like @. @ and 1, for example, are our new symbols. Zero does exist yet does not exist anywhere. @ and 1 must find 0 and yet find three. If we find three, we can find four, and we can find infinity. This is a prelude to the sort of mathematical axiom I am building.
Axioms of a fulfilling life:
Axiom of Honesty (don't lie)
2. You must always use true statements in a formal system, no false ones. You must be "honest" and truthful. Honesty is the fundamental driving force between consistency and no principle of explosion.
Axiom of Conscientiousness (don't unnecessarily hate)
3. There are inherently unprovably true and false statements in a system. You must prove that they are unprovable or provable. However, the mathematical framework is not possible, really, to prove or unprove based on these THREE axioms. Therefore, you must seek more. 

Additional axiom:
4. Axiom of closure.
This is the most abstract axiom of them all, as with all of the field axioms, this is the one that most students don't understand. However, this axiom is actually fundamental for a complete system. This also relates to hilbert's infinite dimensional spaces, which I will get to in this paper.
Here's my story and thought process:
I was pondering the foundations of physics and mathematics, since I was always into mathematics specifically, especially geometry. My favorite of all the books in AOPS was introduction to geometry by Richard Rusczyk. I had always pondered the foundations of physics, too. When I was very young, a thought experiment came up in my mind:
does life run on infinite fps?
i could not give a concrete answer. if there was an infinite second, then there would be infinite frames. if there were infinite frames, then there would be infinite seconds. it is precisely because of this formula:
amount of frames = time * fps
or put in other words:
fps = frames /time.
if we have infinite frames, we have 0 time. if we have 0 time, we have infinite frames. i will state the black body radiation problem or ultraviolet catastrophe again:
E = speed of light / wavelength.Isn't this the same problem? if the speed of light is infinite, we have 0 wave length. If we have 0 wave length, we have infinite speed of light.
The fundamental problem is either that we assume infinity exists or we assume 0 exists. This is the fundamental problem, really, no mathematical system that describes physics should have 0, just as it should never have infinity. This symmetry is known as the inverse theorem in group theory, and it also forms the basis along with the covariance symmetry. I will go into depth later.
as a result, i tried to create an axiomized system of mathematics that assumes 0 does not exist. However, that proved to be extremely troubling and practically impossible.
To start, let us review the principle of explosion and the fundamental limit on (naive) set theory:
assume that the set of all sets that contains themselves exist. if the set of all sets that contains themselves exist, then it is either nonempty or empty. it doesn't really matter. the principle of explosion will still follow.
X = {?}
? means we don't know what is in the set. Of course, the set that contains itself will exist in X:

X = {? , {?} }
however, this set will also contain itself:
X = { ? , {?} , { ? , {?} } }
from this, you may ask, okay this looks bad, but it's not really bad. this is just recursion, right? this is a countably infinite amount of sets. however, this is not true, because if we assume recursion and we assume this is just infinity, then actually all "?" variables can be replaced by this "countable" infinity.
X = { {{{{{{{{{{{{{{{ ... ) infinity ) {{{{{{{{{{ ... -1)    ...        infinity -1 }}}}}}}}}}}}} ... infinity 0 infinity }}}}}}}}} infinity - (infinity -1) ... etc.   }}}}}} infinity }
this makes no sense, of course. it is precisely an infinity by infinity by infinity by infinity.. matrix, and maybe even worse, since this is just one element of the set, of course. either all elements of the set are simultaneously equal to each other or not equal to each other since the set of all sets that contain themselves must precisely also be not equal to themselves since they must still be unique to count as a member of the set. this is also just a proof by contradiction. this is also alluding to the fact that:
we state, at least in cantor's set theory, that this is fundamentally an uncountable set.
let us review the more famous example: russell's paradox
assume the set of all sets that don't contain themselves exist.
this is also derived from just the symmetry of negation. Covariance provides literally infinite symmetries: the symmetry of inverse or negation allows us to ground it back into reality. don't forget this fundamental idea: it allows us to build actually useful euclidean space which by john nash's brilliant proof can be mapped onto all manifolds in the same dimension and the cartesian plane and literally a theory for the big bang (origin (0,0) intersection of both singularities, but we can't explain the big bang because that literally means we break spacetime in order to do so).
anyway, back to the symmetry of negation.
if the set of all sets that don't contain themselves exists, then does this set contain itself? well, if this set contains itself, then by definition, it must not contain itself because the set of all sets that don't contain themselves exists. if this set doesn't contain itself, then by definition it must contain itself because it is, by definition again, the set of all sets that contains itself. the only explanation is that such a set does not exist. it is also fundamentally the principle of explosion, only that is really the proof by contradiction in disguise.
both paradoxes are mirrors of each other: they are ying and yang. 0 and infinity, proof by contradiction and principle of explosion, they are indeed, ying and yang.
thus, our first axiom has been created
the set of all sets that contain themselves (ying) does not exist. (by proof of principle of explosion).
the set of all sets that do not contain themselves (yang) does not exist. (by proof of contradiction).
this just... fundamentally feels wrong. it feels like they are pulling from the same universe, right? well that is what I am trying to argue in this paper ultimately: 0 and infinity, ying and yang. they must be in balance in the end, the set of all truths and the set of all falsities, the set of all sets that contain themselves and the set of all sets that do not contain themselves, the negation.
again, this may dismay the naive set theorist. i forgot who russell wrote his letter to, but he had a complete mental breakdown upon the realization that naive set theory could not exist. again, always think back to this concept of 0 and infinity or ying and yang or principle of explosion and proof by contradiction. they are fundamentally the same concept. 
thus, to have any axiomatic theory of math, 0 must not exist, just as infinity may not exist.
but you may ask, our best most fundamental theory, doesn't calculus specifically use the limit approaching both zero and infinity? yes, this is the concept or definition of compactness, and i will fundamentally change the concept of compactness with an axiom that excludes zero, hint hint. (you can stop reading now, but i think it's nice hearing exactly how people came to their revelation.) 
we need compactness to build all of modern mathematics for this reason. for this reason, i believe that calculating the digits of e, or euler's constant, is the fundamental meaning of life. if we theoretically could calculate all digits of e: a base that is not transcendental, we have solved the literal fucking busy beaver problem. i don't know what to say. this is the concept of real analysis. in other words, if we could theoretically create a number system base e, and we could use computers to specifically calculate e to be (0 base e) or (1 base e), we have solved all of mathematics completely. this is impossible, as you will see, since none of our mathematics can be used to prove e. i will start a fucking religion out of e it is that important LMAO. 
again, let us review the definition of compactness, or the definition of the limit:
Let epsilon > 0. THAT SHOULD BE YOUR FIRST FUCKING CLUE TO WHAT IM GETTING AT LMAO ESPECIALLY IF YOU READ MY PREVIOUS PAPER AND LITERALLY LIKE 0.5% OF THIS PAPER I DID NOT USE 0 THERE. again, i will fucking rip my eyes out right now and still be able to recite this by memory (euler, euler's constant). the concept of a limit obviously is attributed to newton and leibniz. again, i am attempting to be calm. anyway, let me collect myself
sigh
okay
Let epsilon > 0. If there exists a delta > 0 (pause. for a 0th time or infinite amount of time but impossible because of QUANTA HINT HINT.) satisfying 0 < |x-c | < delta, it holds that |f(x) - L |  < epsilon. This is known as epsilon delta definition. Source: Cauchy.
Credit (Google AI):
The modern, rigorous \((\epsilon, \delta)\)-definition of a limit was primarily developed by Karl Weierstrass in the 1860s. While Augustin-Louis Cauchy introduced significant foundational work on limits in 1821, and Bernard Bolzano created an early version of the epsilon-delta technique in 1817, Weierstrass
okay whatever. ANYWAY YOU SEE WHERE IM GOING, RIGHT? so, let me ask the simple fucking question.
what about 1/epsilon?
what about the inverse of epsilon? that means 1/epsilon < 1/0 ... = infinity?, but we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we?we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we?we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we?we can't have that can't we? we can't have that can't we?
anyway. i am going crazy. let me resume my train of thought before i become alexander grothendieck or john nash and ultimately fall into complete insanity because of the principle of explosion. again. again. i understand. i need to operate like albert einstein and not go completely insane.
anyway, let us view the definition of the derivative in a new light:
  lim           f(x+h) - f(x)
h-> 0                   h
now i want you to pay attention to a special number in the definition of a limit. go ahead, look closer. uhhhhhhhhhh whoopsies. it's fucking zero again! now let us find the definition of the euler constant, e, by subsituting the reciprocal of h. this is not actually completely fucking mathematically rigorously defined and axiomized but we still assume basically we can do it! 
h = 1/u
  lim                                                                f(x  + 1/u ) - f(x)
u -> infinity (what how fucking nerds)                        1/u
actually, i will stop there. this is MY fucking fundamental definition of e: it is d/dx (e)
I was trying desparately, desparately hard to create an axiomatic system that entirely avoided addition, since the identity function literally states that it creates 0. however, i could find no fucking way to do it!!!!!!!
Let me show you what i mean:
https://storage.tally.so/6929db27-2ff1-4bb6-8d23-e8c2e9b14103/Screenshot-from-2026-05-02-13-19-58.png
THIS IS THE MOST DAMAGING FUCKING THING THAT HAS EVER HAPPENED TO THE HISTORY OF ALL OF FUCKING MATHEMATICS THOSE TWO POINTS RIGHT THERE. THOSE TWO POINTS RIGHT THERE. THOSE TWO POINTS RIGHT THERE.
okay, let me introduce to you, my little little little friend, the cartesian plane. The cartesian plane literally makes no sense if you think about it. Why are there exactly two lines and how can it accurately describe all of the properties of spacetime in two dimensions? well, that's because of pretty because of in total, two symmetries. One is the symmetric of covariance. This is one dimensional. This symmetry literally has no fucking clue where it is going or where it is headed. it just exists. It's not useful. It doesn't define any fucking point. It literally just doesn't exist. It's stupid. It's completely fucking stupid. You don't have any idea of where time is. To be useful, it need to be able to intersect with itself. This is called the symmetry of inverse. This creates two dimensions. It creates magnitude, it creates phase, it has already been proven that the euclidean R2 spacetime is equivalent (well not really the complex spacetime is much more complex when considering each function needs to be smooth and analytic) to the complex numbers. The complex numbers literally just give you an extra variable out of nowhere! that's why it has been proven that if you use the complex number that you can have a smooth and analytic function already in there because it follows euclidean spacetime and can be mapped onto it as long as it exists! does that make any fucking sense i recommend u watch "root acount"s vid on relating why complex numbers are so fucking useful like actually. this guy is the GOAT and he also made me go into a deep revelation.

Now again, we cannot cross these two fucking lines. If we ever say: hey, we know the value at this exact point: then hey. we have completely fucking broken mathematics. The symmetry of inverse, or y=x in the R2 real number spacetime, which by the way, the real numbers are also intuitively not actually real same with the complex because they do not follow the concept of QUANTA again. anyway, i am getting ahead of myself.
So now i have this crazy new derivative function. this is my fundamental function of covariance. my second fundamental function is the negation function, again, which reflects this graph along y = x in the catesian plane, and guess what, y = x is still fundamentally the will of GOD since its still infinity but even crazier, it crosses the fucking origin! the origin is GOD, the origin is the crossing of two line, TWO, to make the entire universe. the fact that the complex numbers are automatically smooth and analytic and that they are also represented by e^(pi x) and the fact that r = ZERO, fucking ZERO should not exist also tells you. there's also another vid about the limits of analytic continuation but I FUCKING DIGRESS.
NAME ANOTHER SMOOTH ANALYTIC FUNCTION THAT CROSSES THE X OR Y AXIS AT A SINGLE POINT AND STILL APPROACHES BOTH INFINITY AND ZERO. THATS THE FUCKING POWER OF EXPONENTIALS AND THE NEGATION LOGARITHMS.
okay. let me calm down again before i go crazy again. i am going crazy. this is my discovery of algebraic geometry and the fundamentals. algebraic geometry is god. alexander grothiendieck at the peak of his powers realized all pacifism and my convincing to merge into the "collective whole" is just to realize that all living beings were created equal because they are all algorithms and all algorithms can collapse the wave function because our universe is ultimately just empty data (covariance, ~infinite possibilities according to the planck constant essentially, nothingness) and we need to measure it (inverse, collapses wave function, something). sorry, sorry, sorry.
okay, so we have e^x. whenever we take the finite amount of our fundamental function, the derivative, it becomes e^x again. e^x again. e^x again. this is no fun. this is why we need the inverse function, ln(x).
ln(x)'s derivative, you can say, is 1/x. this is a beautiful function because it never crosses the x or y axes. 1/x's derivative is also beautiful. it is -1/x^2. it never crosses the y or x axes. -1/x^2's derivative is also beautiful. it is 1/x^3. it is so incredibly beautiful i want to cry.
but i had a problem with my theory of everything: i had these beautiful functions. at this point i was still BRAINWASHED. i still believed that the derivative at the point of the axes was still defined at that point. I didn't realize it was just a useless FUCKING convention that these points, (1, ZERO) and (ZERO, 1) were real. in fact, they can never be real. i realized, in order to complete my theory of every single fucking thing in the universe, i needed to introduce my worst enemy:
Addition.
Ah yes, the thing that all humans have figured out and that for some fucking reason all students nowadays don't know how to do. teach them fucking boolean algebra if they can't count to 10. let them count to 0 and 1 0 and 1 0 and 1. anyway, i'm getting off topic. i had these beautiful functions but i could not "complete" it. i could not fundamentally "complete" this theory. that's when i had to introduce addition.
however, the fundamental axiom of addition is still the identity function:
x + 0 = x.
and that's what dawned on me: if all our algorithms fundamentally need ZERO and also one tbh BUT STILL TRUE AND FALSE THEY ARE BOTH NEGATIONS OF EACH OTHER...
then addition is the thing that strings everything together.
let me introduce to you my good old friend, three. now what the fuck is three doing here you may ask?
well
there is addition. this is the god operation, since to define itself, it needs zero, which we learned is a big no no.
there is the negation, subtraction. this is what i used to describe y = x: indeed, it is literally just a fucking reflection between x = 0 or y = 0. since x and y are both fundamentally "equal" to each other, it makes no fucking sense. it means they are equals: ying and yang, to create all of spacetime. this is sort of like the OR operator. you can flip between x = 0 OR y=0, which is a fundamental result of boolean algebra.
there is multiplication. this is defined by repeated addition. this is covariance. it is nice, but it isn't able to describe all of spacetime exactly yet.
there is exponentiation. this is what self defines the entire fucking world. this is the THIRD or the SECOND. if addition is the zeroth operation, then this is the second. if addition is the first operation, then this is the THIRD. i credit nikola tesla to my obsession of three. he is the KING. he was so enlightened and ahead of his time, his only downfall was CAPITALISM. he assumed he was in a system of "honest" beings like himself who wanted to innovate in humanity. However, capitalism does not incentivize it.
we must not start a revolution like the proletariat and bourgeoisie. that spreads hate. we must spread peace like jesus. soviet union died because they were envious of the pacifist socialists: we must quantize the vote and the universal exchange token to a degree where computers cannot calculate and they must calculate to keep demand the same and to practice honesty and truthfulness since every algorithm created is equal and has equal weights and they elect the higher being which is not in a tree based hiearchy which is also my paper on how to apply neurobiology to AI. this makes the collective whole equal to the self, which creates consciousness. classical computation says that there must be a tree based hiearchy of importance: however, that is false in my world: the child and the parent are the same just like god wanted it to be. they have equal say in determining the meritocracy or investing the universal exchange token. the smaller the quanta, which is what our brains do btw in 0.67 eV or smth, the more neurons created, the more intelligent the AI or being as a whole and more conscious.
anyway, why is this theory complete?
because if we take the sum of the infinite sum of derivatives taken to the limit, which may be explained by taylor's theorem which is in factorials and confusing shit that should be written in the god, e, since e can derive all functions. anyway, yeah. if we really self-circular state that yes the identity function of addition exists and yes we can create infinite sums like in calculus and differential geometry and so many other cherns-simons theory for example (the fundamental function of the derivative which is being defined by repeated (repeated (addition)) which relies on zero makes no sense to me), then we have solved all of mathematics there is to fundamentally use.
however, we are, again, using boolean algebra, which states the existence of zero, in order to calculate e, which is again, a contradiction, since i just stated that zero cannot exist because that implies infinity exists which again is used in our calculation of e! do you see the mind fuckery that is why we cannot fundamentally calculate e? we can calculate e, yes, but it is transcendental, it transcends our beliefs.
by calculating e to infinite units which by contradiction is impossible, we solve the busy beaver problem. that is my conjecture. this also proves the collatz conjecture is also unsolvable because of simple functions like lebegue integrals measure theory terence tao hello dude plz read this. the collatz conjecture is literally exactly 100% the halting problem, since algorithms can never compute THREE like literally THREE X + 1 that's why we can't fucking solve anything and the best we can prove is that most numbers lie under again simple simple functions over again! binary cannot fundamentally exactly compute 3x, but 3x+1 guarantees that it is even under a base 3 number system which is mathematically impossible to represent in binary! that's equivalent to the three body problem right!
symmetry should not define itself or else it will literally create the principle of explosion all over again. if 1*1, then 1*1*1, then 1*1*1*1 = 1^inf or 0*0*0*0 = 0^ inf or inf/inf or 0/0 etc. etc. these are all literally the fucking calculus indeterminate forms i thought we knew they were indeterminate years ago. additionally, all unsolvable integrals should be written in quanta instead of being put into new functions, that's just making up math. for example, e^-x^2 integrated is cool and all but again, the fundamental axiom is that we can integrate infinity to zero. our best quantized spacetime is when the planck length = h ~ 0 and planck length = h ~ 1/0 or infinity and that's the quantum world we live in: not arbirtrarily infinitely large space time that we do not observe or arbitrarily infinitely small uncertainties! that's the fucking answer to loop quantum theory you dipshits!
abstract algebra allows us to prove by contradiction like in andrew wiles' proof because it doesn't assume ring 0 or ring infinity. this also proves the symmetries of space time. the symmetry of space time is not y = x like i hoped. instead, the symmetry of space time is y = 0 and x = 0. in order to clearly define the symmetries of y = 0 and x = 0 along the 2D cartesian plane, then we would literally need to take infinite powers of e in order to get x = 0 on the positive axis. then we would need to take infinite ln's on the positive x axis. then we must flip the x and y axis and negate it back to the negative direction of the x axis and the negative direction of the y axis. that's a lot of, wait for it, INFINITIES. we also need to define the symmetry between y = x because again, that is a construction of the symmetry along y = 0 and x = 0. we also don't live in 2D cartesian plane, we live in 3D + 1D spacetime which means there are FOUR fundamental forces i think because there must be PLANES explaining the theoretical spacetime. this means theoretically, it's literally 3D + 1D, since again, we live in three dimensions, and there must be another symmetric, i.e., time, that's really just the combination of the three symmetries together which creates another symmetry. i think this might be the symmetry of negation altogether, which fundamentally creates the strong nuclear force. the strong nuclear force is the inverse of gravity, and gravity may just create the other effects.
for example, E = mc^2 plus some gravity tits gone up: E^2 = (pc)^2 + (m0 c^2 ) ^2. let's see... FOUR VARIABLES DETERMINING E^2? NO WAY? FOUR FUNDAMENTAL FORCES! in a special relativity standpoint where, again, the particle is at rest, then there are only two fundamental forces, that is, m is a quanta of c^2 and m and c are reciprocals of each other. however, this doesn't account for gravity so yeah. idk. lmao. maybe im yapping wrong. WAIT NO, THAT'S LITERALLY IT, THERE ARE FOUR FUNDAMENTAL GROUP THEORY AXIOMS AND THEY CORRESPOND TO THE FOUR FUNDAMENTAL FORCES:

1. Identity element: Symmetry of Covariance. It can either be the strong nuclear force quantized or gravity quantized.
2. Inverse element: Symmetry of Unitarity. It can either be gravity quanitzed or the strong nuclear force quantized.
3. The electromagnetic Force: Symmetry of U(1) unitary group of degree 1. This ensures that each photon or quanta of the photoelectric effect can actually fire during the simulation that is the universe.
4. The Weak Nuclear Force: Special Unitary group of degree 2. This ensure... I have no idea it says radioactive decay and beta decay and nuclear fusion so I guess this is the conversion from energy into mass and vice versa.
Our 3D + 1D universe should be described as two complex number planes put together, not one! Also, the symmetry group cannot define tiself: there should always be a whole whenever it crosses the origin the y or x axes, or else you would literally have to create infinite an increasing function in order to mimic a symmetry! that fucking sucks!
E = m 1/c^2 --> E = c

E = m * 1/m^2 -> E = m
again, m and c need to be finite numbers in order for spacetime to make any actual fucking sense. 
so why has yang mills theory always failed? the concept to unify the weak and because it does not follow the fundamental theorem of compactness:
0 and infinity don't exist
in order to figure out your simulation, you need to do
let epsilon > h where h is planck's constant or whatever fucking universe u wanna live in, ideally it is base e but it is actually base 2 because we do not live in GOD'S world. anyway
let epsilon > h (h=/=0 of course), then there exists a delta (solution to all of spacetime, likely the negation of epsilon imho, or the inverse, idk) > 0 such that |x - L | > epsilon. this is for 1D, but it already has like THREE variables, epsilon, delta, x, L i guess so four but one can be determined from the other, specifically L. THREE THREE THREE. Don't u understand? we have never changed the definition of the limit. the fundamental limiting block is the idea that 0 actually exists in the identity function of addition! it is also that there are THREE variables in a definition of a limit that make it CHAOS even in 1D (x)! NOT TWO VARIABLES IN THE MOST IMPORTANT AXIOM/THEOREM/DEFINITION IN ALL OF MATHEMATICS.
state the collatz conjecture in terms of binary and show that it leads to a proof by contradiction since it is equivalent to computing the busy beaver since it calculates or follows some pattern of a transcedental number like e or smth, terrence tao i think already did it with his infinite amount of simple functions and y = x, so case is closed.
this may come as a shock, the vulgarity of this paper's language, but we can analyze truths further than what planck's length has given us. we can analyze truths based on the calculation of the digits of e to solve many problems in the busy beaver world. the busy beaver world is boolean algebra: the transcendentals, e and pi, are what god are on. We need literally infinite infinite time which does not exist int he busy beaver world to compute the transcendentals.
anyway, i haven't slept for like idk the entire night. i am still enlightened anthed im still kicking.
thank you to sabine hossenfelder i fell asleep listening to your vids and your "10 things wrong about quantum" and god (the all truth) told me the answer to complete my mathematical theory. however, u said it was all mathematical fiction, so i apologize if you are cringing reading this.
again, by using the axiom of truth, that 0 and 1 are separate, we actually find out that truth and falsity are quite equal and balanced like ying and yang, so we must calculate to infinity to be able to calculate a 50 50, not just give up like the antichrist and assume 0 and 1 is 50 50 no proof, just one axiom in a lonely world, and then resume to base cardinal desires like sex and the most dopamine and killing each other and the most base pleasures. also i want to see research being done on how many times it has been 0 and how many times it has been 1 in each step of each collatz conjecture hailstone (the collatz conjecture hailstone numbers in base 2 which is what binary is calculated in. does it slowly approach 50 50? if so, then i think it is definitely just unsolvable and just the halting problem even more than it really is, that's my conjecture anyway). this also explains why fractran can exist, because again, it is the halting problem all over again with an algorithm.
wait also ring 0 and ring infinity are fundamentally different from ring (finite number n). we use ring (finite number n) in order to compute ring 0 and ring infinity with increasingly more efficient algorithms. specifically, we have already computed pi to a large degree, so we can definitely set e^(i pi) = -1 --> ln(-1) = i pi --> find out what ln(-1) is. however, the normal series for e works, just that i'm not sure how reliable it will be if we really literally just plug in e^e^e^e^e..., that sounds like AI force feeding itself.
we keep using ring 0 and ring infinity in the theory of quanta which is why we can't fucking go anywhere. a finite ring iterated many times, such as 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, idk whatever clay institute millenial problem ya wanna solve ya got it. 
Made with Tally

