In my opinion, the strong goldbach conjecture is undecidable. I have seen some terrible, terrible reddit proofs online.

Of course, I am also an amatuer and you may know me as a lot younger than you may expect me to be.

According to Deepseek's searches:
✨ The Quest for Improvement

The story doesn't end there. Researchers are competing to construct smaller and smaller machines that exhibit this same “Goldbach-oracle” behavior.

    The Record: The original 27-state machine has since been improved upon.

    An Unpublished Claim: There is a claim that a machine with just 15 states and 2 symbols can also test Goldbach. This is a significant reduction in size.

    What stands proven? While the claim references an improvement to BB(27) and there is a proven 4,888-state machine, a peer-reviewed paper currently confirms that determining BB(15) is "at least as hard as solving Goldbach's conjecture".


Why?

Well, again, let's see the fundamental equation that can never exist in a system:

x^2 + y^2 = 1.

Okay. Well. What does this have to with anything?

Well, let's say x and y are both primes. They belong into the Riemann zeta function group then, or U(1).
 
It's impossible to prove though! Again, to prove x and y are prime, we need to invoke the groups that make up the Riemann zeta function or something along the lines of 1/x! or one over infinity to zero integral e^(x^3) or something.

Anyway, as I said before, there's no way to prove this group exists in ZFC + axiom of choice, but it just works.

If we assume it works, and we ask the question, hey there are the combination of two abstract algebra groups that are identical to each other with true or false states 0 and 1.

Well, you get something similar to the goldbach conjecture where there's no error function. You only have two elements, is the problem.

If Riemann can be solved with triangles, that's like putting two triangles together and saying: does my new triangle have an odd (edit i said even before) amount of sides?

The algebraic group fundamentally has to be in the form e^(x^3n) where n =/= 0 in the end!!! There must three, not two, no more, no less. okay maybe more lmao.

0 + 0 = 0

0 + 1 = 1

1 + 0 = 1

1 + 1 = ... ????? 
So either you spin the lottery and get both primes are 0 (0 + 0 = 0) or you spin the lottery and get one prime is true and the other is false (0 + 1 = 1)

Or both of them are true. This creates another group, (1 + 1 = 10 base 2), which again, reduces to the principle of explosion or the hodge conjecture whatever you want to call it.

I don't think any algebraic group can solve the strong goldbach conjecture, because it combines two abstract algebra groups from the Riemann hypothesis to create another group.

There are many hungry redditor mathematicians hungry for fame and the truth. I want my words to speak for themselves. If someone wants to figure out my identity, sure, go ahead. I don't care about fame or money. I want the money from the clay institute to go to math educators. I want to make more than that, like JIM SIMONS THE GOAT AND STONY BROOK THE GOAT YAY YAY YAY anyway, what I was saying...

I think one of my magnum opus proofs, however, is the undecidability of the collatz conjecture putting transcendentals into the turing machine and computing them in base 3. Again, if we have consistent formal set of mathematics that has in total, THREE operators (calculus, THREE) which can do boolean algebra or more, then we have solved P = NP, hodge, yang mills, etc. etc.

However, we haven't. And again, the perfect qubit is impossible since that demands the arbitrary decision of 10 base 2 in a world where we either have the transcendentals (calculus) or we don't (infinite/finite algebraic simple groups).

Again, all of spacetime 3D+1D can be formed if we solve e or pi to aribtary precision. However, again, it requires the existance of two halting problems. TWO. Something about two and three and BSD conjecture man, REALLY! e and pi can both be plugged into the turing machine. That basically goes into overdrive, I feel like they're both the opposite ends of the turing machine, and/or negations so you can literally compute both ends but you cannot compute the middle, which doesn't give you a good BB.




However, still...

The weak goldbach has already been proven, and I credit the LEGENDARY mathematician, GH hardy... and Littlewood and Ramanujan.

As a fun exercise I will create the energy matrix from heisenberg's equations into a collection of infinite sums and infinite multiplications to show you guys how absurd it is to assume infinite-dimension hilbert spaces is our universe.
This might've been how ramanujan found his answers lol.

The goldbach conjecture only has two primes. It's simply unprovable.

I'm also looking at the state machines, and they are all multiples of three. Bad, bad, bad.

Multiples of three scream undecidability for me.

Also, the Riemann hypothesis can be calculated via BB(744). That's also, uhhh, a multiple of three, sorry to say.
